Feature/ar6 regions (#61)
mathause/regionmask: docs/whats_new.rst

  creating a mask. See :issue:`127` for details.
- Added test to ensure ``Polygons`` with z-coordinates work correctly (:issue:`36`).
- Better repr for ``Regions`` (:issue:`108`).
- Towards enabling the download of region definitions using `pooch <https://www.fatiando.org/pooch/>`_
  (:pull:`61`).

New regions
~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Added IPCC climate reference regions (AR6 regions) described in Maialen et al.,

Author: ```suggestion
- Added the reference regions (AR6 regions) described in Maialen et al.,
```
